Subscriptions docs2 (#725)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/data-sync/server-realtime-updates.adoc

** managing websocket connections
** delivering subscriptions on the server

> * provides integrations with other modules such as `@aerogear/voyager-keycloak`.

Reviewer: `.` at the end of this, but not for the previous two bullet points. Also, noticed that the previous two bullet points have 2 ** where this line only has *.

.Additional Information

> See https://npm.im/subscriptions-transport-ws[subscriptions-transport-ws] module for more information about arguments and options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about arguments and options, see the https://npm.im/subscriptions-transport-ws[subscriptions-transport-ws] module.
```

== Implementing a Publish Subscribe Mechanism

> WARNING: This procedure describes an in-memory implementation which is useful for prototyping but not suitable for production. {org-name} recommends using link:npm.im/@aerogear/graphql-mqtt-subscriptions[MQTT PubSub] in production. See xref:amq-online[] for more information about all the implementation methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: This procedure describes an in-memory implementation which is useful for prototyping but not suitable for production. {org-name} recommends using link:npm.im/@aerogear/graphql-mqtt-subscriptions[MQTT PubSub] in production. For more information about all the implementation methods, see xref:amq-online[].
```

> To provide a channel to push updates to the client using the default `PubSub` provided by `apollo-server` you implement a Publish Subscribe mechanism, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide a channel to push updates to the client using the default `PubSub` provided by `apollo-server`, you implement a Publish Subscribe mechanism, for example:
```

----
====

.Addtional Information
Subscriptions depend on a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publish%E2%80%93subscribe_pattern[publish subscribe] mechanism to generate the events that notify a subscription. There are https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/features/subscriptions/#pubsub-implementations[several PubSub implementations] available based on the `PubSubEngine` interface.

== Defining subscriptions in the schema

Subscriptions are a root level type. 
They are defined in the schema similar to `Query` and `Mutation`. 

> For example, in the following schema, a `Task` type is defined, as well as mutations and subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the following schema, a `Task` type is defined and so are mutations and subscriptions.
```

----
====

> NOTE: This subscription server does not implement authentication or authorization. See {keycloak-service} see xref:sync-server-auth[] for information about implementing authenication and authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This subscription server does not implement authentication or authorization. For information about implementing authentication and authorization, see {keycloak-service} see xref:sync-server-auth[].
```

Author: updated by commit
